Docs update: quickstart, linear, knowledge sources (#179)
team-plain/docs: plain-ai/knowledge-sources.mdx

title: 'Knowledge Sources'
---

Documentation can be indexed in two ways: either by adding URLs by navigating to your workspace settings and selecting "Knowledge Sources", or by using the [Plain CLI](https://github.com/team-plain/cli). With it you can index:

* a single URL

* a sitemap URL (each entry in the sitemap is indexed)

* Optional: add a [label type ID](/labels) to associate the document with

> For installation and usage instructions, please see the [Plain CLI docs](https://github.com/team-plain/cli). Note: to add files, you'll need to use the Plain CLI. For URLs only, you can use the Knowledge Sources setting.&#x20;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installation and usage instructions, please see the [Plain CLI docs](https://github.com/team-plain/cli). Note: to add multiple URLs via a sitemap, you'll need to use the Plain CLI `index-sitemap` command. For individual URLs, you can use the Knowledge Sources settings page, or the `index-url` CL command.
```
